Add docs for `anchors` key (#7726)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/core-upgrade/04-upgrading-to-fusion.md

| dog    |  
| cat    |  
| bear   |  

#### New `anchors:` key

> You can use the new `anchors:` key to reuse configuration blocks across your dbt project files. Note that Fusion does not support standalone anchor definitions at the top level of YAML files. Standalone anchors that are meant to be used as reusable snippets should be moved under the `anchors:` key. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the new top-level `anchors:` key as a container for reusable configuration blocks inside a YAML file. In Fusion, due to stricter schema verification, YAML blocks that were only meant to be used as anchors and not interpreted as part of the configuration proper may result in warnings and/or errors. In these cases, the anchored snippets should be moved under the `anchors:` key. For example:
```

Author: Thanks for the suggested change, @sadboy ! FYI I applied some minor editorial changes to your suggestion.

| dog    |  
| cat    |  
| bear   |  

> #### New `anchors:` key

Reviewer 2: Because this is an upgrade guide, we might not need to say this is a "new" key.  We also might want to title this section more specifically. Maybe "Move standalone anchors under `anchors:` key?"

| dog    |  
| cat    |  
| bear   |  

> #### New `anchors:` key

Author: ```suggestion
#### Move standalone anchors under `anchors:` key
```
Will this title work instead of **New `anchors:` key**?

Reviewer 3: Works for me!

> As part of the ongoing process of making the dbt authoring language more precise, unexpected top-level keys in a YAML file will result in errors. A common use case behind these unexpected keys is standalone anchor definitions at the top level of a YAML file. You can use the new top-level `anchors:` key as a container for these reusable configuration blocks.

Author: Since Fusion is still in beta, should we also mention here that it will raise a warning?
